(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(Tai gasping)
(ominous violin music)
Why aren't we being attacked?
Negamon's waiting.
Time to face him.
(suspenseful violin music)
(Tai gasping)
Right over there.
It's Negamon's true form.
It's the root of
the whole thing.
[Negamon] Is that
fear I sense in you?
(high pitched screeching)
-(Tai growling)
-(Matt growling)
(dramatic organ music)
I am the one who consumes.
I consume your fear.
Your pain.
Nothing exists.
A void.
Thirst.
Loss.
Sorrow.
And thus, I shall
continue to consume.
(Tai growling)
This all ends right
now 'cause we've got
the power of the friends
we've met along the way
and those we've yet to meet.
And not only that,
in our hearts,
we're carrying the prayers
of all life itself!
That's why we won't
give into you.
You see, we don't fear
you 'cause everyone's
power is flowing through us!
(suspenseful violin music)
You ready?
Heck yeah.
This is the end, so
it's now or never.
[Negamon] End.
Grieve.
Nothing born.
I am nothingness.
And I am the one who
shall erase us all.
(suspenseful violin music)
(Seraphimon growling)
(TK growling)
[Seraphimon] Strike
of the Seven Stars!
(Negamon screeching)
[Ophanimon] Eden's Javelin!
-(Seraphimon gasping)
-(Ophanimon gasping)
[HerculesKabuterimon] Back off!
[Sora] We're here!
[Mimi] You're not gonna
finish this without us!
(Kari gasping)
All right!
We're still alive!
It's about time we made it back.
It's not over!
I know.
Tai and the others are
deep inside of that thing.
They're fighting to take
down Negamon's core.
[Mimi] Why is it
moving like that?
(Izzy gasping)
I think I know why.
It's diverting its energy
to internal defenses.
That's what's causing its
outside movements to lag!
Hold on a sec.
If we can draw its
attention to us out here...
That might distract it,
causing internal
movements to lag as well!
[Vikemon] Then there's
only one thing left to do.
[Rosemon] Right!
[Phoenixmon] We
must fight to our
fullest abilities to the end!
[HerculesKabuterimon]
Sounds good to me!
It's go time!
(upbeat rock music)
(metal banging)
(Tai growling)
(Matt growling)
(metal banging)
(Negamon screeching)
(Tai growling)
(Tai gasping)
(Negamon screeching)
(Matt growling)
(missiles exploding)
He's up there!
Not for long!
(upbeat rock music)
(missiles exploding)
(Negamon screeching)
(Tai growling)
(gun firing)
Hang on!
(Negamon screeching)
(Tai yelling)
(gun firing)
(Tai growling)
(Matt growling)
(upbeat rock music)
(guns firing)
[Negamon] Void.
Mourn.
I consume.
Pain.
(metal banging)
(gun firing)
(guns firing)
(metal banging)
(suspenseful music)
-(Matt growling)
-(Tai growling)
[Negamon] End.
Fear.
Seclusion.
Nothing exists.
Pain.
Void.
Mourn.
Thirst.
Void.
Mourn.
I consume.
-(Joe growling)
-Pain.
Drone on all you want!
We won't give in,
no matter what!
[Negamon] Thirst.
Loss.
(HerculesKabuterimon growling)
Because you know we've
got each other's backs.
(Phoenixmon yelling)
For sure.
We are in this together!
You say life is empty!
(Rosemon yelling)
But we've got a whole
lot to live for!
Like all the friends
we've made along the way!
[Ophanimon] Each one,
a precious light!
The path we've taken
to get where we are...
[Seraphimon] Always
leads back to hope!
(inspirational music)
We've faced fain and fear,
but no matter what
the struggle...
We've always managed to come out
on top every single time!
(upbeat rock music)
We're not gonna let
you stand in our way!
We're not gonna
let anyone stop us!
(Tai growling)
(singing in Japanese)
(metal banging)
(guns firing)
(singing in Japanese)
(Negamon screeching)
(Negamon exploding)
[Negamon] I vanish.
Vanish.
[Omnimon] Surely not.
After all, you're still
a Digimon, aren't you?
So take heart.
You will manifest into
another existence.
You'll take another dark form.
Or perhaps you'll
embody the light.
Or neither.
None should be bound
to any singular fate
because each and every one of us
contain infinite possibilities.
Farewell.
I'm sure we'll meet again.
(victorious music)
(chimes ringing)
(Tai gasping)
-(mysterious music)
-(Tai sighing)
There you are!
Tai!
-(Agumon laughing)
-(Tai gasping)
-(Tai giggling)
-(Agumon giggling)
Fancy seeing you here.
You too, pal.
[Gabumon] Hi, Matt!
(Tai gasping)
Hey Gabumon, nice work.
(Gabumon laughing)
Welcome back.
-(Gatomon giggling)
-I'm glad you're okay.
(group laughing)
Well, there isn't anything
left after this, huh?
Guess this means things will
go back to normal in your
world and the Digital World.
[Tentomon] Is that so?
Then what's gonna
happen to everybody?
I'm not sure.
Honestly, this
territory is one that's
fully beyond our comprehension.
(Izzy gasping)
(bright piano music)
-To all the Digi-Destined.
-We give our thanks.
[Tai] Hey guys.
You feel that?
[Sora] Yeah.
Everything's fine.
Thank goodness.
(Tai giggling)
Now don't be a stranger, Agumon.
Promise?
(Agumon giggling)
You're not getting rid
of me that easily, Tai.
(bright violin music)
Best friends for life?
You know it, Gabumon.
Forever and ever.
That's right.
(Tentomon sighing)
[Tentomon] Know what, Izzy?
We just finished a real big job.
How's about a vacation?
Prodigious idea, Tentomon.
[Tentomon] I hear
Sheboygan is nice.
Happy, Joe?
Now you have all the time
in the world for studying.
(Joe laughing)
You're right, Gomamon.
It's time for the
real battle to begin.
(Gomamon giggling)
Now that's the spirit.
(Mimi stretching)
Palmon?
What's on tomorrow's agenda?
Let's think about that tomorrow.
-(Mimi laughing)
-(Palmon laughing)
Oh, Biyomon.
You did great!
You too, Sora!
I'll always keep
you in my heart.
Me too.
I love you, Sora.
Oh boy.
We battled our butts
off, didn't we, TK?
-(Patamon giggling)
-(TK giggling)
We sure did.
I'm still down for
more action though.
Yeah, me too!
-(Patamon laughing)
-(TK laughing)
[Kari] Hey, Gatomon.
(Gatomon sighing)
You know, I wanted to tell you,
I'm glad I met you, Kari.
So thankful.
[Tai Voiceover] Come on.
Let's go!
[Agumon Voiceover]
The adventure...
[Group] Continues
in a new world!
-(birds chirping)
-(bright piano music)
Okay.
So peace has come
to the Digital World
and you're saying
it's 'cause of humans?
[Wisemon] To be precise,
it is the children
we have to thank,
namely the Digi-Destined.
And their faithful
Digimon partners.
I'm pleased to pass on
the tale of their efforts.
After all, what's more
exciting than history?
(Komondomon snoring)
Far beyond the horizon and
past the boundaries
of this network
is where mankind
lives out their lives.
A world unique from
our own is where
our heroes hail from.
And they chose to come here
so they could defend us.
What they did was brave,
but I also believe they
came here to be our friends.
How do you know that though?
I'll tell you.
Those kids, they only
fought to protect
those they cared about.
(YukimiBotamon gasping)
The human world, huh?
I wanna visit someday!
[Wisemon] Mankind and Digimon.
What manner of result shall come
from the convergence of our
two different universes?
The answer is
something that even
I myself cannot predict.
In any case, the more
the enigma grows,
the more my thirst as a
researcher shall as well.
Can you slow down for
the peanut gallery?
[Wisemon] Oh!
Apologies.
Right.
One thing is for certain,
for today's Digimon, a
new life has been born
and our Digital
World shall continue
to prosper and thrive.
(bright piano music)
That was quite a story.
So what happened to
the Digi-Destined
after they won the battle?
I wonder the same thing.
It's tough to say.
The answer's a bit of a mystery.
We know they returned
to their world.
Beyond that, we
may never find out.
(bright piano music)
Of course, anything is possible.
-(computer beeping)
-(bright piano music)
-(grass rustling)
-(birds chirping)
[Agumon] Yoohoo.
-(Tai giggling)
-(Agumon giggling)
[Tai] Okidoke.
-(Agumon sighing)
-(Tai sighing)
Let's go.
[Agumon] Yeah!
(birds chirping)
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy Voiceover] The
Digimon Encyclopedia.
Koromon.
A Digimon in training
with long floppy ears
and an adorable smile.
The cutie's the
one that digivolved
and turned into Agumon.
Let's check out some
more fun facts about 'em.
This Digimon is the
first one Tai ever met,
so their friendship is
where our adventure began.
I'm really glad I
got to meet Tentomon
and all of our new friends.
-(victorious music)
-Bye everyone!
Hope we catch you in
the new world soon!